Added shortcut for selecting all objects in a scene, reworked how selecting works, added context menu entry for duplicating a graph (#297)
dlr-gtlab/intelligraph-module: CHANGELOG.md

### Added
- Nodes can now be collapsed using the node's context menu. Collapsed nodes only consists of the node's header, reducing visual clutter. - #282
- Comments can now be embedded into a graph scene. Comments may either be standalone or may be linked to nodes using the comment's context menu. Comments support markdown. - #65
- Shortcut `CTRL+A` can now be used to select all objects in a scene - #292

> - A graph can now be duplicated via the explorer using the context menu or `CTRL+D`. - #291

Author: ```suggestion
- A graph can now be duplicated within the explorer using its context menu or using the shortcut `CTRL+D`. - #291
```
